
LEGAL NOTICE
PrestaShop Project
Mentions légales 

The website www.prestashop-project.org/ is owned by PrestaShop SA, corporation company with a capital of 380 645,55 euros. The headquarters are located at 4, rue Jules Lefebvre 75009 Paris, France.
RCS registration number: B 497 916 635
VAT number: FR66497916635
Publication director: Paolo Fiorelli
Phone number: +33 (0)1 76 23 25 25
E-mail: contact@prestashop.com
Hosting: Jaguar Network – 71 Avenue André Roussin BP 50067 – 13321 Marseille Cedex 16
Number : +33 (0)1 83 65 99 00
© 2007-2022 PrestaShop SA
PrestaShop is a registered trademark.



Preamble. These general terms and conditions of use (the "T&Cs") are intended to define the conditions of access and use of the website https://www.prestashop-project.org/ (the "Website"), published by PrestaShop, a limited liability company with a share capital of €380,645.55, registered in the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 497 916 635 and whose registered office is located at 4, rue Jules Lefebvre - 75009 Paris ("PrestaShop"), as well as the offer and acquisition of products and services of the latter, which are available on the Website.

The user of the Website (the "User") is informed that by browsing the Website he or she has (i) had the opportunity to access the T&Cs and the documents to which they refer and (ii) has agreed to abide by them.

If the User does not accept the T&Cs, he must not use the Website.
The present T&Cs can be modified by PrestaShop at any time, without notice, to take into account the evolution of the Website and the applicable regulations. The new version of the T&Cs will be made available on the Website.

The User is invited to consult them regularly.

The use of the Website is free.

1. Purpose of the Website. The purpose of the Website is to provide documentation to the PrestaShop project contributors.

The PrestaShop project is a universal open-source software platform to build your e-commerce solution.
 
2. Intellectual Property. All Website elements and their design, selection, presentation and organization are protected by intellectual property rights owned by PrestaShop. 

The trademarks, domain names, acronyms, logos, drawings and other elements that appear on the Website are the exclusive property of PrestaShop.

Users are further informed that using the PrestaShop trademark in a domain name is strictly prohibited.

Consequently, Users agree not to use this trademark in a domain name.

Using the PrestaShop trademark in a domain name may result in legal proceedings.

Using the Website does not transfer any intellectual property rights, including those relating to its content, the PrestaShop trademark or the software.

3. PrestaShop’s liability and guarantees. PrestaShop will do its best to ensure the Website is accessible 24 hours a day and 7 days a week, without however being bound by an obligation to achieve specific results.

However, PrestaShop may suspend, restrict or interrupt access to the Website or certain pages on it at any time in order to carry out updates, content modification and any other action deemed necessary for the Website to operate correctly.

As such, PrestaShop in no way guarantees the availability, access to or continuity of the Website.

Should it become unavailable for any reason, this will not give rise to any compensation for the User.

PrestaShop is only responsible for the content it has published itself.

PrestaShop shall not be held liable for any damage or loss suffered by the User in accessing and using the Website.

More generally, PrestaShop shall not be held liable for:

The use made by the User of the Website,
Any activity that constitutes a breach of these T&Cs by the User,
Any damage caused to the User’s equipment by a virus contracted while browsing the Website or any other damage caused by the User’s browsing.

The User is solely liable for all property or consequential financial loss or damage resulting from the use of the Website.

4. Hyperlinks. The Website may contain hyperlinks to redirect User to third party websites, including to agency or partner websites, or social networks.

PrestaShop accepts no liability for the websites to which these links lead as it has no control over the various third party websites.

Websites linking to pages on our Website may not reproduce its pages in any way.

5.  Personal data.
5.1. Personal data collected directly on the Website. We do not collect personal data directly on the Website.

5.2. Personal data collected indirectly on the Website. We collect some of your personal information indirectly through cookies or other tracking devices. 

What is a cookie? Cookies are small text files (usually consisting of letters and numbers) that are stored in the memory of your browser or device when you visit a website or view a message. 

What cookies do we use on our Website? 

Cookie set by Google Analytics (Privacy of Google Analytics) :
_ga
Analytical cookie
Allows us to broadcast our advertising messages on the Google network.
This cookie has a lifetime of 13 months.
_gat
Analytical cookie
Used to limit the rate of demand.
This cookie has a lifetime of 1 minute.
_gid
Analytical cookie
Allows us to broadcast our advertising messages on the Google network.
This cookie has a lifetime of 1 day.

Cookie set by Cloudflare (Privacy of Cloudflare) :
__cf_bm
Technical and necessary cookie
This cookie is necessary to protect the bots.
This cookie has a lifetime of 30 minutes.

How to manage the deposit and reading of cookies? 

Some features of our websites, services, applications and tools are made available to you only through the use of these cookies or trackers.

However, refusing to use these technologies may result in the unavailability of certain features of our services.
 
For more information on blocking, deleting or disabling these technologies, please see your browser or device settings.

For third-party cookies, you can configure your browser settings to refuse all third-party cookies.

For Google Chrome, check this link.
For Mozilla Firefox, check this link.
For Microsoft Edge, check this link.
For Opera, check this link.
For Internet Explorer, check this link.
For Apple Safari, check this link.

6.  Applicable law. These T&Cs are subject to French law.

The parties submit to the jurisdiction of the Commercial Court of Paris (France), notwithstanding the plurality of defendants or guarantee appeals, emergency procedures or protective procedures.



